README.md, before:

# Interview

Interested in joining the [IZEA Engineering][izea] team? We believe that a great
way for you to show us who you are is with your code. Completing a project, in
addition to a physical interview, has many benefits:

- **You have code to share.** Maybe your current employer doesn't allow you to
  show us what you've been working on, or maybe you just finished school or a
  developer bootcamp and haven't established a portfolio. Now you have code to
  show us.

- **Express yourself.** Interviews can be stressful and people get nervous.
  Working on a project without the watchful eye of an interviewer gives you the
  chance to show us your best work.

- **Everyone works on the same project.** All job candidates work on the same
  project. This allows us to look at everyone objectively based on their work.

## Getting Started

### 1. Pick a Project

Each platform that we use at IZEA has a folder within this repository. The
folder contains a `README.md` with a description of the project we would like
you to build.

We currently offer two platforms:

- [HTML/CSS/JS](front_end)
- [iPhone](iphone)
- [Rails](rails)

### 2. Commit Often

At IZEA, we like to commit often. This helps document your thought process and
makes it much easier to revert a change that causes a bug.

### 3. Have Fun

This is your chance to express yourself. If you have knowledge of technologies
that you think will help with completing the project, use them. We love learning
just as much as you!

### 4. Apply

You can view open positions and apply [online][apply]. Don't forget to include
the link to your GitHub profile.

## Need Help?

If you are having difficulty getting started, confused about the project, or
stuck trying to solve a problem, you can either [open an issue][open-issue],
reach out to us on [twitter][], or send us an [email][].

## About IZEA

![IZEA Logo](http://new.izea.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/izea_small.png)

We are IZEA: The Creator Marketplace. Our cloud-based technologies connect
Brands and Publishers with content Creators who blog, tweet, pin, and post on
their behalf.

Our driving belief is that the only way to thrive in our rapidly changing world
is to change ahead of it. IZEA is in a constant state of evolution and
reinvention. While we have been around for seven years, we operate like an
entrepreneurial, scrappy start-up. Your time here will be exciting, educational,
and at times, a bit crazy.

With IZEA, you have the opportunity to join a non-traditional corporate culture,
where creativity and productivity are valued over a suit and tie. We call it
"The IZEA Way."

View our current [job openings][apply] or read more [about us][about-us].

[about-us]: http://corp.izea.com/
[apply]: http://corp.izea.com/company/careers/apply-to-join-izea/
[email]: mailto:careers@izea.com
[izea]: https://izea.com/
[open-issue]: https://github.com/IZEA/interview/issues
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/izea

Commit message:

Add instructions for creating a new repository.

README.md, after:

# Interview

Interested in joining the [IZEA Engineering][izea] team? We believe that a great
way for you to show us who you are is with your code. Completing a project, in
addition to a physical interview, has many benefits:

- **You have code to share.** Maybe your current employer doesn't allow you to
  show us what you've been working on, or maybe you just finished school or a
  developer bootcamp and haven't established a portfolio. Now you have code to
  show us.

- **Express yourself.** Interviews can be stressful and people get nervous.
  Working on a project without the watchful eye of an interviewer gives you the
  chance to show us your best work.

- **Everyone works on the same project.** All job candidates work on the same
  project. This allows us to look at everyone objectively based on their work.

## Getting Started

### 1. Pick a Project

Each platform that we use at IZEA has a folder within this repository. The
folder contains a `README.md` with a description of the project we would like
you to build.

We currently offer two platforms:

- [HTML/CSS/JS](front_end)
- [iPhone](iphone)
- [Rails](rails)

### 2. Create a New Repository

Since we don't offer a starting point for any of the projects, create a new
repository on your GitHub account. It can be public or private.

### 3. Commit Often

At IZEA, we like to commit often. This helps document your thought process and
makes it much easier to revert a change that causes a bug.

### 4. Have Fun

This is your chance to express yourself. If you have knowledge of technologies
that you think will help with completing the project, use them. We love learning
just as much as you!

### 5. Apply

You can view open positions and apply [online][apply]. Don't forget to include
the link to your GitHub profile.

## Need Help?

If you are having difficulty getting started, confused about the project, or
stuck trying to solve a problem, you can either [open an issue][open-issue],
reach out to us on [twitter][], or send us an [email][].

## About IZEA

![IZEA Logo](http://new.izea.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/izea_small.png)

We are IZEA: The Creator Marketplace. Our cloud-based technologies connect
Brands and Publishers with content Creators who blog, tweet, pin, and post on
their behalf.

Our driving belief is that the only way to thrive in our rapidly changing world
is to change ahead of it. IZEA is in a constant state of evolution and
reinvention. While we have been around for seven years, we operate like an
entrepreneurial, scrappy start-up. Your time here will be exciting, educational,
and at times, a bit crazy.

With IZEA, you have the opportunity to join a non-traditional corporate culture,
where creativity and productivity are valued over a suit and tie. We call it
"The IZEA Way."

View our current [job openings][apply] or read more [about us][about-us].

[about-us]: http://corp.izea.com/
[apply]: http://corp.izea.com/company/careers/apply-to-join-izea/
[email]: mailto:careers@izea.com
[izea]: https://izea.com/
[open-issue]: https://github.com/IZEA/interview/issues
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/izea
