front_end/README.md, before:

# HTML/CSS/JS Project

We believe that a good front end should be built using semantic markup and well-structured CSS. To that end, it's important that our front end developers demonstrate the ability to convert a mocked-up page image into well-written code. The goal of this excercise is to take the mockups provided and build an HTML/CSS representation of them.

If any special requirements have been conveyed to you from your interview
team, they supercede the following.

## Requirements

- [ ] Do not use a front end framework such as bootstrap.
- [ ] You can choose to either include the filler text as written, or provide your own.
- [ ] Use the images provided in the assets directory where applicable.
- [ ] The page should be responsive rather than have a separate mobile version.
- [ ] Aside from the provided images, no other images should be used in the creation of your page.
- [ ] If you do not have access to the Helvetica font, you may substitute with a sans-serif of your choosing.
- [ ] Hover state for navigation links should use the same style as their active state (As represented in mock images).
- [ ] Visited state for navigation links should use the same style as their inactive state (As represented in mock images).

## Bonus Points

Instead of hiding the navigation menu on mobile devices, adapt it into a mobile-friendly interface of your design. You may use JavaScript to achieve your desired results.

Commit message:

Updating Frontend Project (#16)
Updating README and removing unneeded directories so the Frontend Interview Project better reflects our current needs in development.

front_end/README.md, after:

# Ember.js Project

We've put your soft skills to the test, now we want to see some dope code! For this part of the interview, we would like you to create a small Ember.js app that requests and shows data from the [JSONPlaceholder API](https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/) (Docs can be found [here](https://github.com/typicode/json-server)). We suggest using the addon [ember-ajax](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-ajax) to talk to this API.

If any special requirements have been conveyed to you from your interview
team, they supersede the following.

## Requirements

- [ ] Display a paginated list of post titles. The data should be retrieved from the [JSONPlaceholder API](https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/), and there should be pagination controls to retrieve additional pages of data.
- [ ] Each post should be able to toggle a side sliding panel/modal that is populated with the rest of that post's data. You should also include the data of the user related to that post. Make this look & behave however you want, but it should not trigger a full route transition.
- [ ] We are not providing a mock for this, you will need to figure out a design that you feel represents the best user experience.
- [ ] Do not use a front end framework such as bootstrap, but it's fine to use a utility framework like tailwind or neat.
- [ ] The UI should be fairly responsive.
- [ ] Write tests that prove your functionality works.

## Bonus Points
- [ ] Use [ember-cli-sass](https://github.com/aexmachina/ember-cli-sass) instead of vanilla CSS to style your app.
- [ ] Use [ember-test-selectors](https://github.com/simplabs/ember-test-selectors) to isolate how you select elements in tests from your styling code and [ember-cli-mirage](https://www.ember-cli-mirage.com/) to isolate your tests from talking to a real API on the internet.

If you have any questions about the requirements, please feel free to reach out to your interview
team.
